We're making a next version of:
https://github.com/pre-alpha-final/rce2
use the reference only for rough idea, cause we'll be changing most of it.

The idea is to make it even simpler, remove even more redtape so that it's pick up and use. No formats, no types, no nothing unless absolutely necessary.

Address structure:
GET /feed-guid - displays bare bones help on how to integrate to the system
POST /feed-guid - posts to the feed. the body will be send to every active reader of the feed.
GET /feed-guid/reader-guid - long pooling to get the feed. returns after 30 seconds with no messages, or at once when something comes to the feed.
GET /feed-guid/reader-guid/reset - clears the reader queue, makes it usable again if it overflowed, and redirects to it.

Feed lifecycle:
1. A request is made for a feed. If it doesn't exist it is created.
2. At time of creation the feed is created as either password protected or not.
- if first request has a key supplied in the Authorization request header, that is the feed key
- if first request doesn't have an Authorization header the feed is not password protected - open
- once a mode is chosed it cannot be changed, and only works with requests that correctly have or don't have the key. i.e. a protected request to an open feed is still wrong.
3. Messages coming into the feed are distributed to all readers of that feed.
4. Feed is deleted after 24h witout any GET/POST activity.

Readers lifecycle:
A reader is an instance of a queue of specific feed. So multiple readers can read the same feed and still all readers get all the messages.
1. When request:
GET /feed-guid/reader-guid
is made, a messge queue with reader-guid is created.
2. When a message comes into the feed, it is distributed to all readers subscribed to the feed.
3. Since there is no identity of senders and receivers, you will receive your own messages. This is fine.
4. GET /feed-guid/reader-guid/reset clears a reader's queued messages, fixes an unusable reader queue, and redirects to it.
5. Readers are deleted when the feed is deleted.
